pages/internship.md, before:

---
layout: default
title: Internship
permalink: /internship
---

# Internship

Our Trondheim office is looking for an intern.
The internship is in our Product Team, where you’ll be working
closely with two developers who graduated from NTNU five years ago.

## About the Product team
The product team at Working Group Two owns user-facing products
and is responsible for driving API development by creating prototypes and
example projects for partner operators and end-users.

Right now we have five main projects:

* A tool where partners (mobile operators) can manage their API keys and their users (mobile subscribers)
* A prototype for a user-token service where end-users (mobile subscribers) can manage their personal API keys
* A prototype for visual voicemail, a webapp for listing and playing voicemail messages
* An interactive learning tool for explaining how telecoms work
* The company website ([wgtwo.com](/))

Depending on your interests and skills, your tasks will include writing
web applications, creating websites, and/or designing user interfaces.
We usually write applications/websites in Kotlin, JavaScript (Vue.js),
HTML and CSS, and we design using Balsamiq and Sketch.

## What we offer
* A chance to be an important member of a small team.
* The opportunity to modernize the telecom industry by helping make services
  such as SMS and Voice available on the internet through APIs.
* Autonomy and the ability to influence your day to day tasks.
* Free snacks and lunch, with post-lunch playstation battles (optional).

The internship is one to two days per week (20% - 40%) and is expected to run at least until summer 2020.
You should be in your 4th or 5th year and think that our company is interesting.
We hope that this is the first step for you to become a permanent member of our team.

## How to apply
Please send your CV and a few words about yourself and why you'd
like this internship to **career@wgtwo.com**.
You can use "Trondheim Internship (Firstname Lastname)" for your email subject.

The application deadline is the **14th of October**, and we'll come visit
NTNU for a round of speed interviews on the **21st of October**.

Selected candidates will have two 10-15 minute interviews at NTNU.
Those who advance from the speed interviews will have an interview
in our Trondheim office.

## Where we're located

Our Trondheim office is located at DIGS in Midtbyen

<iframe
    src="https://maps.google.com/maps?q=krambugata%202&amp;t=&amp;z=13&amp;ie=UTF8&amp;iwloc=&amp;output=embed"
    width="100%" height="500" frameborder="0" scrolling="no" marginheight="0" marginwidth="0"
    style="padding:16px;background:#fff;box-shadow: 0 1px 3px rgba(0,0,0,0.15);">
</iframe>

We hope to hear from you soon!

Commit message:

[part-time-job] Change internship page to part-time-job page

pages/internship.md, after:

---
layout: default
title: Part-time job
permalink: /part-time-job
---

# Part-time job for students

Our Trondheim office has a part-time position open for
a student who is close to finishing their degree.
The position is in our Product Team, where you’ll be working
closely with two developers who graduated from NTNU five years ago.

## About the Product team at Working Group Two
Working Group Two is a startup backed by Telenor and Cisco, which aims to modernize telecommunication.
Our product team owns our user-facing products and is responsible for
driving API development by creating prototypes and
example projects for partner operators and end-users.

Right now we have five main projects:

* A tool where partners (mobile operators) can manage their API keys and their users (mobile subscribers)
* A prototype for a user-token service where end-users (mobile subscribers) can manage their personal API keys
* A prototype for visual voicemail, a webapp for listing and playing voicemail messages
* An interactive learning tool for explaining how telecoms work
* The company website ([wgtwo.com](/))

Depending on your interests and skills, your tasks will include writing
web applications, creating websites, and/or designing user interfaces.
We usually write applications/websites in Kotlin, JavaScript (Vue.js),
HTML and CSS, and we design using Balsamiq and Sketch.

## What we offer
* A chance to be an important member of a small team.
* The opportunity to modernize the telecom industry by helping make services
  such as SMS and Voice available on the internet through APIs.
* Autonomy and the ability to influence your day to day tasks.
* Free snacks and lunch, with post-lunch playstation battles (optional).

The position is one to two days per week (20% - 40%) and is expected to run at least until summer 2020.
You should be in your 4th or 5th year and think that our company is interesting.
We hope that this is the first step for you to become a permanent member of our team.

## How to apply
Please send your CV and a few words about yourself and why you'd
like this position to **career@wgtwo.com**.
You can use "Trondheim part-time job (Firstname Lastname)" for your email subject.

## Where we're located

Our Trondheim office is located at DIGS in Midtbyen:

<iframe
    src="https://maps.google.com/maps?q=krambugata%202&amp;t=&amp;z=13&amp;ie=UTF8&amp;iwloc=&amp;output=embed"
    width="100%" height="500" frameborder="0" scrolling="no" marginheight="0" marginwidth="0"
    style="padding:16px;background:#fff;box-shadow: 0 1px 3px rgba(0,0,0,0.15);">
</iframe>

We hope to hear from you soon!
