pages/our-interview-process.md, before:

---
layout: default
title: Our Interview Process
permalink: /our-interview-process
---

# Our interview process

At Working Group Two we believe in transparency and enabling our teams to work in the way that best suits them.
We see this as a strength in our company and want to apply the same principles to our recruitment process.

During our recruitment process we will be clear about **what** we would like to
know about you, but leave the **how** up to you!
You can find a description of each step in our process below, including why we do it,
what we would like to find out, and some tips on how you might want to show off your skills during each step.

For most steps in the process you can decide if you want to do it on the phone, in a video conference, or face to face.
We will cover all your travel expenses.

<img src="/img/illustrations/our-interview-process.png" alt="Decorative illustration">

### Step 1: Meet your recruiter
The goal of this meeting is to get to know each other better. We will introduce you to our
organization, and you can tell us how you ended up where you are.
We will also discuss compensation and role expectations.
How we do this is up to you, we can meet for a coffee, chat on the phone, or have lunch.

### Step 2: We want to see your delivery skills
The goal of this session is to see how you deliver solutions to a real problem. There are many ways you can do this, for example presenting a project you have worked on, completing a home assignment, solving the problem on a whiteboard, or perhaps pair programming with one of our engineers. Let us know what works best for you. You are welcome to use your own equipment, or we can provide machines on-site.

### Step 3: Show off your expertise
The goal of this session is to look more deeply into one of your areas of expertise. This discussion will be tailored to the role you are interested in. For example, if you are looking to join us as a Software Engineer, this session will focus on problem solving, code quality and algorithms. We will do some live programming, either with paper/pencil, in a simple text editor on a computer, or on a whiteboard; the choice is yours.

### Step 4: Touch base with your recruiter
After the interviews we should both reflect and give each other feedback to decide on the next step.
If you had a bad day during one of the interviews, or if we feel like we are missing some information,
we can discuss here whether we add another session.

### Step 5: Meet one of our founders
The goal of this session is for you to get to know more about our company and learn more about our culture.
Take the time to ask all the questions you might have as we want this to be a mutually beneficial meeting.
How we do this is up to you, we can meet for a coffee, chat on the phone, or have lunch. You decide.

### Optional: Meet the team
The goal of this meeting is just to meet and greet. There is no hard agenda, it's just a pleasant meeting.
This typically includes a tour of the office, and/or lunch with the team (we're paying!).

## All done. Now what?

Now that we both (hopefully) have all the information we need,
we will decide if we're a good fit for each other.
This is the time to reach out with any questions you might still have.

If we both agree you'd be a good fit for the company we will draw up the papers.

Even if we don't feel like it's a good fit right now, we would still like to keep in touch.
Things change fast, and who knows what the future holds for us!

Commit message:

[interview-process] Fix outdated information

pages/our-interview-process.md, after:

---
layout: default
title: Our Interview Process
permalink: /our-interview-process
---

# Our interview process

At Working Group Two we believe in transparency and enabling our teams to work in the way that best suits them.
We see this as a strength in our company and want to apply the same principles to our recruitment process.

During our recruitment process we will be clear about **what** we would like to
know about you, but leave the **how** up to you!
You can find a description of each step in our process below, including why we do it,
what we would like to find out, and some tips on how you might want to show off your skills during each step.

For most steps in the process you can decide if you want to do it on the phone, in a video conference, or face to face.
We will cover all your travel expenses.

<img src="/img/illustrations/our-interview-process.png" alt="Decorative illustration">

### Step 1: Meet your recruiter
The goal of this meeting is to get to know each other better. We will introduce you to our
organization, and you can tell us how you ended up where you are.
We will also discuss compensation and role expectations.
How we do this is up to you, we can meet for a coffee, chat on the phone, or have lunch.

### Step 2: High level technical interview
The goal of this session is to see how you deliver solutions to a real problem. This will be a high level discussion with one of our engineers, where we talk about system design, languages, libraries, frameworks, and so on.

### Step 3: Low level technical interview
The goal of this session is to look more deeply into one of your areas of expertise. This discussion will be tailored to the role you are interested in. For example, if you are looking to join us as a Software Engineer, this session will focus on problem solving, code quality and algorithms. We will do some live programming, either with paper/pencil, in a simple text editor on a computer, or on a whiteboard; the choice is yours.

### Step 4: Touch base with your recruiter
After the interviews we should both reflect and give each other feedback to decide on the next step.
If you had a bad day during one of the interviews, or if we feel like we are missing some information,
we can discuss here whether we add another session.

### Step 5: Meet one of our founders
The goal of this session is for you to get to know more about our company and learn more about our culture.
Take the time to ask all the questions you might have as we want this to be a mutually beneficial meeting.
How we do this is up to you, we can meet for a coffee, chat on the phone, or have lunch. You decide.

### Optional: Meet the team
The goal of this meeting is just to meet and greet. There is no hard agenda, it's just a pleasant meeting.
This typically includes a tour of the office, and/or lunch with the team (we're paying!).

## All done. Now what?

Now that we both (hopefully) have all the information we need,
we will decide if we're a good fit for each other.
This is the time to reach out with any questions you might still have.

If we both agree you'd be a good fit for the company we will draw up the papers.

Even if we don't feel like it's a good fit right now, we would still like to keep in touch.
Things change fast, and who knows what the future holds for us!
